                         

  **AUTHOR INFO**
-----------------------------------------------
    Author Name : Kartiki Rajendra Dindorkar

**Steps To Execute**
-----------------------------------------------
    1. Open the folder and run make file using command : make
    2. It will create an executable file "PageReplacement"
    3. Execute file using command : ./PageReplacement
    4. After executing you will get 4 options to select from :
        i. FIFO 5 Runs (1 min each)
        ii. FIFO 100 Page references
        iii. LRU 5 Runs (1 min each)
        iv. LRU 100 Page references
    5. Please select the option you need to run.

   
**Results**
-----------------
    1. Above execution will result in :

    kartikidindorkar@Kartikis-MacBook-Pro % make      
    g++ -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -pthread -c -o PageReplacement.o PageReplacement.cpp
    g++ -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -pthread -o PageReplacement PageReplacement.o

    kartikidindorkar@Kartikis-MacBook-Pro % ./PageReplacement
    Choose to Run : 
    1. FIFO 5 Runs 
    2. FIFO 100 Page References 
    3. LRU 5 Runs 
    4. LRU 100 Page References 
    1


    2. Here, I have select option 1 and it ran the FIFO page replacement algorithm for 5 times (1 minute each)
    3. To re-compile the file first run : make clean (to remove all the executables generated by previous make)
    4. Final Output will contain following :
        a. Hit Ratio
        b. Miss Ratio
        c. Swapped In Process Count
        d. Average Hit Count
        e. Average Miss Count
        f. Average Swapped In Process Count
        g. Total Program Execution Time
    5. Please refer following images from the folder for outputs :
        a. Output_FIFO_5_Runs : Output after running FIFO algorithm for 5 times for 1 min each
        b. Output_FIFO_100_Reference : Output after running FIFO algorithm for 100 page references
        c. Output_LRU_5_Runs : Output after running LRU algorithm for 5 times for 1 min each
        d. Output_LRU_100_Reference : Output after running LRU algorithm for 100 page references
        c. Output_makeClean : Use of make clean to delete previous executable and run again

**Notes**
----------
    1. In the code, the arrival time is taken as processID*2 i.e., fro process number 50, arrival time is 100. Thus, the initial processList is already sorted as per arrival time. 
    2. In the Job Queue, processes are queued as per arrival time i.e., by process number (sequential).
    3. In FIFO as well as in LRU algorithm, if last page of the process is requested then following actions are taken :
        a. Pages are referred sequentially, thus if last page is referred that means, the process will be completed once last page is in memory.
        b. Considering a. assumption, code will add last page into memory and wait for 10 millisecond and mark the process as completed and remove the complete process from the memory.
        c. Complete process removal includes removing all the pages of the process from memory and adding the freed memory location to the freeMemory linkedlist.
    4. If there is a free memory, then next reference will be placed in free memory first and if no free memory is there then a process will be evicted using FIFO or LRU algorithm.
